Activity File: Exploring Kibana
You are a DevOps professional and have set up monitoring for one of your web servers. You are collecting all sorts of web log data and it is your job to review the data regularly to make sure everything is running smoothly.
Today, you notice something strange in the logs and you want to take a closer look.
Your task: Explore the web server logs to see if there's anything unusual. Specifically, you will:
:warning: Heads Up: These sample logs are specific to the time you view them. As such, your answers will be different from the answers provided in the solution file.

Instructions
Add the sample web log data to Kibana.
Answer the following questions:
In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India? 226
In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX? 7
In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors? 404-0%  503-100%
In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website? China
Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity? 12pm-1pm
List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).
Ccs- cascading style sheet- it’s used to format the contents of a webpage
Deb- debian- it’s a standard Unix archive that contains 2 biozipped archives, one for the installer and another for actual installable data.
gz- gzip- archive file compressed by the standard GNU zip compression algorithm
Rpm- Red Hat Package Manager- is a free and open-sourced package management system


Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.
Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity). Sunday at 9pm
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity? Only 3 users are using 10,735 bytes on an avg.
Filter the data by this event.
What is the timestamp for this event? 21:55
What kind of file was downloaded? rpm file
From what country did this activity originate? India
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor? 200
Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.
What is the source IP address of this activity?35.143.166.159
What are the geo coordinates of this activity? lat": 43.34121, "lon": -73.6103075 
What OS was the source machine running? Win 8
What is the full URL that was accessed? https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/beats/metricbeat/metricbeat-6.3.2-i686.rpm
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate? Facebook
Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.
What do you think the user was doing? Was trying to download packages
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for? He can now steal the facebook session.
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity? I think the package from facebook
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidlines? It’s non compliant to facebook package policies
